DropDownEditors: Add fieldAddons descriptions & code snippets (#7978)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/40 Common Types/FieldAddons/afterTemplate.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Specifies custom markup on the right of editor input fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A custom markup that display content to the right of the input field.
```
